Update screenshot preview URL (#13)
hanneskuettner/directus-extension-group-tabs-interface: README.md

the default accordion group.

<picture>

>   <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/hanneskuettner/directus-extension-group-tabs-interface/raw/main/docs/screenshot-dark.png">
>   <img alt="Screenshot of the tab group interface" src="https://github.com/hanneskuettner/directus-extension-group-tabs-interface/raw/main/docs/screenshot-light.png">

Author: An alternative URL:

```suggestion
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hanneskuettner/directus-extension-group-tabs-interface/HEAD/docs/screenshot-dark.png">
  <img alt="Screenshot of the tab group interface" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hanneskuettner/directus-extension-group-tabs-interface/HEAD/docs/screenshot-light.png">
```
